Update Desktop Wallet (JS) tutorial (#3329)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/tutorials/javascript/build-apps/build-a-desktop-wallet-in-javascript.md

## Rationale

> This tutorial will take you through the process of creating a XRP Wallet application from scratch. It begins with a "Hello World"-like example with minimal functionality, and adds more features in each step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial takes you through the process of creating an XRP Wallet application from scratch. It begins with a "Hello World"-like example with minimal functionality, and adds more features in each step.
```

Reviewer: Come to think of it, we could just remove the Rationale section entirely as this is covered by the page introduction already.

Author: I agree, but I'd rather save that for #3330 than further increase the scope of this PR.
